[Music]
hi guys and welcome back to another
video I hope you're doing it really
really good today's video is going to be
the first Philippines vlog and also a
little bit of China I didn't actually
get back much footage Ross and Charlie
because we were there a few days and I
got really sick like I ate some dodgy
food I won't go into too much detail
pretty gross I'll just leave it at that
I was really really ill whilst were
there but and we just got all we needed
to do there and didn't like when you've
got a 72 hour visas were all probe to
make a second trip in the next few
months but it was so so cool and oh it's
such an experience like I was really
really different culture you're anything
else and enjoy was the toilet situation
because it was just like I hold in the
floor is like just just toilet on the
ground and I just couldn't get to groups
although it just wasn't [ __ ] and yeah
the people and people are so so friendly
and welcoming
we got showed around but if you follow
me on Instagram you're probably seeing
it quite a lot of what we've got is
we're in China already on there it's how
peaceful it blowing apartment apartment
hotel room oh I'm just gonna go straight
to sleep
and then wow
[Music]
today
I've been around
[Music]
and you convey
a bit of shopping finding some products
to sell Metis until guided
[Music]
[Laughter]
so me detective
obviously we're looking for
I mean I go to
[Music]
then now we are in the Philippines were
in Bohol we actually flew to a little
island called Cebu for the Philippines
is an absolutely humongous like there's
a lot of islands and Nick Mason I wanna
get like explored quite a lot and so
we're gonna be here about a month but
when we arrived here Mason got a little
bit ill so we would you don't like a
planned itinerary but then that didn't
quite pan out so we've just been like
winging it I'm staining quite a lot of
different hotels which is so nice doing
it a little bit of exploring and I'll
take you guys along with us and in the
first few places the first few days
whenever I dressed like a completely new
place I always like to just like put my
camera in my bag and just actually like
see things for myself and just don't get
to grips with the culture everything
because I've definitely noticed like it
the culture over in Asia it's completely
different and it's just such a nice sort
of experience and something that I've
never experienced before I've never
really ever been Hong Kong that's like
as far as I've gone in Asia I think I've
been to the gym a couple of times very
to two or three times I've got about two
or three workouts in and so I'm not like
stressing too much about that we're
quite active during the daytime some of
the hotels we've been to haven't have
James and stuff or anything like when I
can and as well as just like having a
good time and yeah just amazing I'd just
about to go out for dinner but and this
book just gonna be a little bit of like
everything just put into what and so it
just bear with me on that front and the
next few blog I'm going to organize some
like different stuff and do some like
more fun videos we're also traveling and
also sort of talk to you how I stay in
shape and like fit whilst I'm traveling
and like ye how I work out and just some
more like fitness based content also if
you could give this video a big thumbs
up really appreciate it it helps me out
a lot enhance my channel
[Music]
luckily cappuccino I really like the
movie thing
Wow
[Music]
brand is natural habitat fine his drove
the first time we managed to get it up
here
no the drone but we had a little
accident in the station so we're not
graded I think that is too fancy and I
just come out for some lunch and this is
fresh ginger tea honey
[Music]
all right
mahogany tree this is the man-made for
it
they just got to severe tourists to see
the monkeys about this huge guys I think
I've got to Xia monkeys look I got quite
a green body I like a bit of her and
Stroke him
definitely half an hour in
[Music]
the study comes up sorry to leave it for
a mother water supply way
or else the Chocolate Hills gospel at 40
degrees
these are like relaxing she checks in
snoozing and it's actually room 107 that
we're in we've just I so drunk on that
beach wisely I think a lot of karaoke
going on or is it live music there's
karaoke it looks like a little own like
an engagement setting down there you
mean get drunk it's like not Nystrom
kind of then one's going to stress
hello good evening in the pool no
rocking this beauty peak top middle of
the ocean so we're just looking back
through the mangroves like this one goes
down so quick I think within like 10
minutes its pitch back and we're still
trying to take pictures and in the dark
so let's go back now and try not to fall
into the mangroves every mark that I was
going to write
[Music]
like oh yeah katal so I've got three
menus to choose from which is good they
all look really nice
I'm already looking at the dessert so
we've got we want to shout lighting like
a tomato what's on table now I like
[Music]
so we have
lapu-lapu fish fishery garlic rice sweet
rice amazing shared fish and shrimp so
just got back to the room and we had a
little stroll on the beach front and sat
in some hammocks left to the rim and I
can't wait for tomorrow we're going to a
different Island
I should have Island working so much and
it's just so much to see and do want to
find some like cool cave pools and
waterfalls really enjoyed seeing monkeys
but yeah thank you for watching and I
hope to see you in the next video
[Music]